I don't deserve it. Who does?
cousin
It's this dog thing that bullies me one after another
Boy, I was going to take it after I became a pro
I'll let you die
But since you dare to provoke my cousin
Then I can't stand you.
Su Yang
Have you heard of the Qi family in Jiangzhou?
Top ten families in the building
Although the financial resources are not as strong as the family
However, on influence and heritage
That's something Lijia can't compare to
Don't think you can make me deflate how powerful you are
A trash like you from the bottom
I don't know, the Qi family is normal
But you only need to know a word from Qi Shao
It can determine the death of you and your entire family
Hey, okay, okay
Why do you tell him so much?
waste of time
Baby
You said this Song was divorced
With a burden
What are you following him for?
Isn't it good to follow me?
Qi Guangjin, show some respect for my address
What's wrong?
Honey, I'm your fiancé
We have an engagement
The marriage contract has always been unilaterally proposed by your family
My family has never admitted it
Baby
Your Li family is in the eyes of our aristocratic families
Just a nouveau riche
You better follow me
Otherwise, when my contract with Mr. Gu is reached
I don't mind letting your house go up in smoke
Thank you for coming.
The 10th Liangjiang Jade Expo Conference
Official start
Oh yes baby
Think carefully
I'll wait for you tonight hahaha